is, how badly her spirit has been defiled. Facing Maris eventually, her wrath. Maybe another night in the hospital. My body is screaming at me, fighting me, telling me not to go. I try to convince myself that if Dad says I’m safe, I’m safe. He can keep Maris at bay, I chant repeatedly to myself, as my limbs defy me. I feel my skin crawl, my stomach sink. I focus on breathing, in and out, slowly, to drown out my racing mind. I’ll need more than Valium to keep myself calm. I wear my faded Lee bellbottoms and a long‑sleeved floral turtleneck (that Maris hates) with patent leather purple Mary Jane‑style heels. I don’t know how to dress for an occasion as macabre as this. Carol’s mom is very conservative, and I want to be as innocuous as possible to allow her to focus on the facts. I don’t think I’ll be very coherent after the first few minutes. I struggle to get dressed with the cast on. Sharp jabs of pain shoot up my arm.
My driving is a lot slower than it should be. Unconsciously, I’ve been going ten under the limit. I’m jerked out of my stupor when I get honked at by a grandma in a hideous brown Buick Electra. She overtakes me, giving me a dirty look when she drives past. I honk back at her and then pick up the speed. The hotel is not very far from the house, and my father has the most opulent room as his office. It’s the second most frequented hotel for him, the first being New York. His expansion to Utah and Colorado is, quite frankly, a bit stupid when he’s already in the prime cities of the US. Seattle is crappy enough.
I get onto the 520 instead of the I‑90 and get stuck in traffic that shouldn’t exist at this hour. When I get into the hotel, I let the valet handle the parking. I give him the only cash in my purse, a five‑dollar bill as a tip. He usually expects a lot more, so he’s visibly disappointed.
“I’m sorry, Javier, I only have that much on me. I’ll make it up to you on my way down.”
He smiles and nods, taking the keys. “No problem, Miss Caldwell. Cheer up, you look sad.”
“Oh, I’m fine. Thank you.”
K anika B
270
I take the lift into the granite lobby and feel at ease in the crowd. The din of the people is soothing. I feel reassured by their voices, by their presence. No longer trapped in the house of loneliness, possibly free to step out of Maris’s shadow. There’s still something tugging at me, trying to pull me back as I walk to Dad’s office. I’m cold, but beads of sweat trickle down the base of my neck. He normally has a personal assistant who sits outside his door, but she’s absent today. The mahogany doors are imposing, as is the bold lettering in gold: Henry Lloyd Caldwell, Chief Executive Officer. I step in hesitantly.
“Millicent, wonderful. Thank you for getting here on time.” He offers me a smile, something rather unfamiliar.
“It’s fine, Dad.”
“Your mother was quite upset this afternoon when she came in. She’s upstairs in the penthouse suite. I gave her some Ativan and put her straight to bed. let’s go and check in on her,” he says, standing up before I get a chance to take a seat. “I’m a little bit concerned.”
“Mom’s here? Is she alright?”
“She should be fine, let’s go up.” He leads the way to the private elevator that opens directly into the penthouse. It takes an eternity to ascend the levels. I’ve always been afraid of heights, so the penthouse doesn’t appeal to me. I’m unfamiliar with it, but I sit on the Prussian‑blue chaise longue, which is more comfortable than it looks. “Where’s Mom?”
“She’s in the master. Would you like something to drink?” He stands behind the large bar.
I sit, bewildered, looking at him. This is a man who never lifts a finger around the house. He is waited on hand and foot. He doesn’t make his own drinks, let alone anyone else’s. He delegates, he orders, he demands. I’m caught off guard, not knowing how to respond.
“Well?”
My mouth must be agape, but I manage to form words. “Y‑yes, please. Is there any iced tea? Even lemonade, I’m not fussy.”
“There’s iced tea. Lemon iced tea, actually.”
H o ne y traT R A p
271
“Oh great, thank you.” I’m awkward. I don’t spend much time with my father. Family brunches once a week are our only real interactions, but he’s barely around for any of them. Outside of that, I only get the privilege of speaking to him if I’m in trouble and he’s dishing out a particularly caustic lecture. “Should I check on Mom?”
“Just give it a minute.” He comes and sits across from me. “We need to talk about this. It can’t go on.” He gestures at the bruised face and arm. “Your mother came to me very distressed after she picked you up from the hospital.”
“What did she say?”
“She tells me Maris has been terrorizing you, and that she has been involved in Carol’s murder. There are things your mother doesn’t know about Maris, and the things you two partake in together. I will have to tell her. Quinn needs to know. I’ll be frank here. I know Maris is a murderer. I know about her little house and the skulls and all the paraphernalia. I also know that you’ve been participating in nearly all her crimes.”
“Not willingly. I don’t want to go out killing guys who’ve done nothing wrong to me. It’s not fair. She says they deserve it, Dad, but she’s sick…she’s trying to justify things that cannot be justified. I helped because I’m her sister, and I believed her. I love Maris but, when it came to Carol, I couldn’t do it anymore.”
“I’m aware. I heard your call to Elaine. I’ve had your phone tapped since you last told me about what Maris had been up to. I already knew, but I wanted to see if you’d say something. When you did, it became obvious that I needed to take extra precautionary measures.”
“Precautionary measures against me? You tapped my phone? I’m not the one who was doing something wrong. I told you in confidence, I told Mom in confidence. I thought you could help Maris. The psychiatrist thing was obviously doing nothing. I don’t understand.”
“That’s where you should’ve left it, Millicent. You should’ve informed only me and your mother. This is not a matter for outsiders.”
K anikaANI K A B AT R A
272
“She’s not an outsider. She’s Carol’s mom! You threw a ball to raise money to find Carol’s killer. Mom says Elaine’s like a sister to her. She deserves to know. It was almost going to be me or Maris. She’s allied with a psychopath. Ted’s a predator—he shouldn’t be out on the streets.”
“You’re not the arbiter of justice. You’re letting out information that will incriminate your sister and land both of you in jail, dragging our name through the mud on your way.” His jaw stiffens the way it usually does when he attempts to swallow a bout of rage. He takes a deep breath and unclenches. He dips under the counter to get the pitcher of lemon iced tea. He pours me a glass, stirs it, and places it beside me. He drinks his usual: scotch, neat. My throat is raw and dry, so I take a long swig to ease it. I’m lost for words. I don’t understand how anyone can think that family reputation is more important than someone’s life. I wish I were in a dream, away from this carnage and indifference. His face is apathetic. It’s like he’s discussing what to have for dinner.
“You were equally responsible for a large number of the crimes if we’re talking in a legal sense. Now, Millie, I care very much for you. You are my daughter. I may not express my feelings often because I wasn’t raised that way, but you must know you mean the world to me. I’m sorry to see the pressure you’ve been under and the pain you’ve felt. It must have been immense for you to reach out to someone other than your parents. I wish I’d known what was going on in your mind. Maris is easier for me to read, but I rely on Quinn to relay your thoughts to me. I’ve told you many times that it’s important to be discreet about everything that goes on in our family. We have legal teams and public relations managers for a reason.”
“Do you care more about profit margins than your own daughters, Dad?” My lip trembles, but I keep my composure. “What about Carol? What would you have done if you saw her decapitated body in a forest where you go on hikes every weekend? The girl you and Mom claimed as your own so publicly? What
H o ne y traT R A p
273
if Ted took one of us? I don’t understand your priorities, Dad, I really don’t.”
He watches me for a few seconds, wistful. “I’m sorry I’ve failed you. I would’ve done anything to protect my girls. I’m sad for Carol. She was a wonderful, sweet girl. What you’ve done is put us in a very compromising situation. You understand that the first call Elaine made after receiving yours was to the police, right? You did everything but name Maris, but Maris will be linked immediately to the scene, and you know why. They’ll say my daughter is deranged, perverted. Sick. I can’t have that. I won’t allow my Maris to be tarnished. What she’s done is horrible, she doesn’t deserve sympathy, but she cannot go to jail. My power only goes so far. It’s not about profit margins, and I can’t believe that’s what you’re reducing it to.”
“What about me, Dad? Do I not matter to you?” I feel something inside me shatter.
“You matter very much to me, Millicent. But you’ve taken this matter out of my hands. I can’t do anything to protect you.”
“I don’t need protection. I need help. I need justice. I’m not saying Maris should be given a life sentence, but she’s done so many horrible things. You should’ve seen her there with the corpse, laughing, happy. I couldn’t face it. Then she came home and broke my wrist. She beats me senseless so often now that I don’t even remember how critical the injuries are until people point them out to me, like the valet. Dad, look at this bruise. Look at this cast. Please don’t let me down.”
He freezes, his tumbler of scotch in mid‑air. “The valet saw you? Which one and what did he say?”
“Why does it matter?” I ask, puzzled. “He asked me why I looked so sad and why I was bruised. Don’t worry, I didn’t tell him anything. I’m keeping it in the family.”
“That’s the problem, my darling, you’re not.” He takes a sip. His other hand balls into a fist. It shakes. “Everybody knows now. They know everything. You’re a troubled girl. You’ve hurt yourself before, and you could do it again.”
K anikaANI K A B AT R A
274
“What are you talking about? I’m not troubled. I tried to kill myself after Maris’s more gruesome murders. I couldn’t handle seeing them crying in pain every time I tried to sleep. It was too much for me. I’ve been okay since then. I haven’t harmed myself.”
“You’ve made significant allegations against your sister to Mrs. Greene, and she’s relayed that to the police. You’ve told her that Maris was involved in the murders of the young men, and also that of Carol and the other young lady from Lake Sammamish. There’s a witness who can identify Maris and ensure she gets jail time. Several, in fact. Our family reputation is on the line. Maris’s freedom has been jeopardized. Carol is the least of our concerns, currently. Her demise was unfortunate. She was a very pleasant girl. I can’t comprehend why she’s taken priority over your twin. Why would you threaten us this way? Haven’t I made it clear to you by now? I shouldn’t be surprised, but I am.” He paces the room, his blue eyes cold, his brow furrowed. He walks to the door and double locks it, then slings a chain across it to disable the elevator. He reaches into the pocket of his suit jacket and pulls out a small pistol, directing it at me. I freeze. Fear courses through me. I stare at him. This can’t be right. This can’t be happening. This is my father. My dad. He’s supposed to protect me.
“I need you to do something for me, Millie. I need you to do this for our family.” He closes his eyes for a minute, then pinches the bridge of his nose with his thumb and forefinger. His hand shakes when he grabs my arm. He drags me to the office‑style desk. The gold and white monogrammed blank stationery for Caldwell Hotels lays atop it with an uncapped pen.
“Daddy, please, I don’t understand,” I sob. I feel sick. I could never have imagined anything like this. I’ve been a lamb willingly led to my own slaughter. “Please don’t hurt me.” My pleas are eerily familiar—the same as each one I’ve heard from the boys Maris killed.
“Millie, I need you to write out a confession letter.”
“And a suicide note. You’ve tried before, but now you’ll finally be successful at something,” says Maris. Her voice lilts in from
H o ne y traT R A p
275
behind me, a delicate whisper that freezes my core. It feels like my heart has stopped. My chest aches for oxygen.
“Daddy,” I plead, tears pouring. My hand is too shaky to write anything. The walls are closing in on me. I struggle to see straight. My body can’t process any of it. I don’t dare to turn my head toward Maris. “Why are you doing this to me?”
It’s sinking in. If I don’t get out now, I won’t get out at all.
“I’ll write it, please, Daddy, put the gun away. Please don’t hurt me.”
“I don’t want to hurt you, Millicent. I never wanted to. You haven’t given us a choice. Write a confession letter. You murdered the boys. You were raped. We tried to help you, but you wanted to end your own life. You planted evidence on your sister and Hunter and Stephen.”
I write the letter. My hand trembles as I cry. He holds me at gunpoint the entire time. Maris stays where I can’t see. I hear the crumpling of a chip packet and a yawn. I write the lies they want me to. I confess to crimes I didn’t commit. I tell the intended audience that I’m miserable in my existence, that I feel trapped in my body, and I want to be released into death peacefully. I apologize for the murders, for being an accomplice to the murder of my friend. I sob and I shudder, the finality settling into me, cold and vicious.
Maris grabs my hand and forces it down on the paper. “Gotta leave some fingerprints, you know, to make it genuine,” she explains casually. “I’m sorry, Mill. I tried to give you a chance to stop. You should’ve seen this coming. I wish we had worked it out.”
“We still can, Maris. I’m sorry. I beg you. Please. Please don’t kill me. I’m your sister. We only have each other. We always have relied on only each other.”
I try to figure out how quickly I can get to the door. People are around. If I can get out, I’ll be okay. It’s about fifteen feet away. I can make it if I can convince my father to drop the gun. When I try to move my hand, I realize I can’t. My limbs are paralyzed. I’m trapped. Maris stands in front of me, wearing my purple Diane
K anikaANI K A B AT R A
276
von Furstenberg wrap dress and knee‑high suede boots. She doesn’t look overly happy, but she’s committed. She’s not going to back down. Neither of them will. My body quakes as I plead for my life. My father lowers the gun from my temple, pulling it away from me entirely. The weight lifts off my shoulders. I’ve been given mercy.
Before I have a chance to think, I feel a bag being placed over my head, narrowing around my neck. I gasp for air, but all I get is plastic. My heart races, I sweat. I can’t move. I’m frantic and scream for Mom. My voice is muffled, but I screech again and again. My throat and chest burn as my body struggles for oxygen. The tears are constant, and my lungs are desperate.
My father settles himself beside Maris, slightly more affected than she is. He watches as I thrash in agony, fighting fervidly for my life. The two of them stand in solidarity. There is only one other person who could be holding the plastic bag around my head. One person I’ve always had the most faith in to save me.
“Mommy, please,” I whisper, tired. I feel myself fading. Blackness is setting in before my eyes, but I get flashes of me and Maris in our matching frocks on our fifth birthday, of my mother braiding my hair when I was very little, in the ski lodge in Colorado. I think of Carol discarded as trash. I think of us posing as a family, of sitting on Dad’s leg in a Christmas photo. Playing with Maris and watching Mary, cuddled up together, cozy, secure. I see Charles, Connor, Hunter, and Jack. I think of my mother hugging me this morning, reassuring me that I was safe. I let out whimpers when I can’t get any more air. “Please Mommy, please don’t do this to me, I’ll be good. I promise. I love you, Mommy, please. I’ll be good. I’ll be good.” It’s the same thing I would say to her when I was little, and I angered her into beating me, with whatever instrument of torture she had on hand. She would stop hurting me. I never thought I’d be saying it to keep her from taking my life. Every inch of me fights. “Please.”
H o ne y traT R A p
277
“I’m so sorry, baby.” My mother’s voice drifts. “Please forgive me. You won’t be in any pain anymore.” I can hear her crying.
My last glimmer of hope dwindles. The darkness consumes me. My body gives in.
K anikaANI K A B AT R A
278
EPILOGUE
Maris—January 5, 1975
I can’t say it was easy to lose my twin. She was an assistant, a confidante, a shoulder to lean on. The only real semblance of a family vanished soon after she did. We keep up appearances. I mean, it’s pretty horrific when you have to explain to people that it was your sister who murdered those poor boys (and some of the girls) and then went on to kill herself. Her funeral was small, not attended by many, and held in a small church in Redmond. After being associated with the murders of upwards of thirty attendees, people weren’t exactly jumping up and down to celebrate her life and mourn her. The Seattle Times published the entirety (or close to it) of her suicide note, issuing a moral condemnation that swept the population. Hunter, Carol’s mother, and that weirdo Connor were the only ones to join us in the service. The tears I shed were genuine, but I had time to process her absence.
It had been planned over two months—primarily as a contingency plan, but I knew it would come to it. She was under the impression that she could outplay a puppet‑master as skilled as our father. As always, she was wrong. I think about her every now and then. I feel bad that it had to get to that stage, but she needed to be stopped. Once she was gone, Seattle could again sleep easy—the killer had moved on to another realm. It was a foolproof plan: Millie was going to crumble either way because I’d been dumb enough to involve her, and then she stumbled upon
279
Ted’s site and thought I’d done something to Carol, so Daddy took it into his own capable hands. He wouldn’t have his daughter in prison. Not his heiress. He’d rather a dead condemned daughter to an incarcerated princess. He did it begrudgingly, but it had to be done. Mother didn’t have a say in the matter, but Daddy talked sense into her, and she played her part. Very convincingly, at that. Collecting her from the hospital was a nice finishing touch.
I’ve always been a good actress. It’s not difficult to act horrified when people ask if I knew what she’d been up to. By god, I was as shocked as them! How someone could hide a secret that earth‑shattering, I would never know. I’m getting used to being an only child. King County is a distant memory.
Behind me is 1974, and I have no intention of dwelling on the past. I spent New Year’s Eve with Hunter in New York. We got very drunk, had terrible sex, and he proposed to me. I said yes. It’s all part of the plan my father has set in place. Caldwell and Carlyle must merge, not only in the business world. I let him head off to Gstaad for a month to ski with Jack (they patched up their differences—Millie was a liar, there had never been an affair between me and Jack) and promised I’d be there to greet him as soon as he returned to SEA‑TAC airport.
While Switzerland would’ve been pleasant, my current plans are far more exciting. I’m bundled up in a figure‑hugging white sweater‑dress, with matching gloves and a cute little beret. My Wolford pantyhose is about as close to my skin color as possible, giving me the sex appeal while keeping me very warm. While my thigh‑high suede boots aren’t quite appropriate for the snow, they do wonders for my legs, long and slender, just as my date likes. I’ve kept our dalliance a secret; we’re both attached, after all. I’d contemplated driving, taking in the scenery and the alone time, but the thought of eighteen hours in a car made me want to blow my brains out. Plus, Idaho and Utah are basically a waste of space on a map. If I wanted to see toothless hillbillies or inbred Mormons, I’d visit Carol’s extended family. I made the sane decision to fly, and I’m a little bit too excited when I see Ted at the arrivals hall in Aspen. He’s wearing a turtleneck the same
K anikaANI K A B AT R A
280
color as my dress, with corduroys, a thick wool coat, and shiny patent leather shoes. I throw myself into his waiting arms. He’s certainly grown fonder of public affection since moving three states away from his “homely geriatric” girlfriend.
“You look just terrible, truly. Look at you.” He grins at me and reaches immediately for my suitcase to carry to the car.
“I’ve missed you,” I whisper into his ear. I run the back of my hand along his well‑defined cheekbone.
“I didn’t expect you to come, I thought you’d be spending the start of the year with your fiancé.”
“And I thought you’d be with that little girlfriend of yours, but clearly we both had better plans. I can’t think of anything better than getting into the suite’s hot tub with a bottle of your favorite—Mickey’s Big Mouth beer. You’ll need it after having been in Utah for so long,” I tell him as I follow him to his bug. He can chug the beer while I’ll sip on some very fine Krug with a bowl of strawberries and cream. The Caldwell Palace in downtown Aspen has a penthouse suite to die for, and I made sure to book it out for the entire week. Daddy’s in Salt Lake, and Mother’s back in Seattle, so I don’t need to dodge any pop‑ins, stares, or interrogations. I’m sure she can finally enjoy Elaine’s company again, now that they both have a dead daughter, common ground. No more jealousy and resentment. Ted’s passenger seat is often absent but, in anticipation of my visit, it’s made a return.
“Let’s get ripped, those sonuvabitches in Salt Lake get off on nothing but prayer,” he agrees, and laughs as he rolls down his side window. He has a penchant for marijuana, which I’ve come to tolerate over time, but I’ll never partake in it myself. I don’t need that stench on me or the inertia in my body. I need to be active, hungry, ready to strike. Usually men don’t seek status in women, but Ted sure does. While initially hostile about the differences in our upbringing, he’s warmed to the idea of me being able to show him the finer things in life—things he could never access on his own. Caviar service, first‑class trains and planes, penthouse suites, and finely tailored designer clothing. It’s all within Ted Bundy’s reach now, thanks to me. He tells me
H o ne y traT R A p
281
I remind him of Diane, his very first girlfriend, the one who shattered his heart. She was wealthy, with good breeding and incredibly sophisticated, I’m told, but when I see photos, I resent the comparison. Boy, was she hideous, and a giraffe, at that. Six feet is no height for a woman—and she was no former Miss Washington. Ted’s not nearly as handsome as Charles but, since all that’s occurred in the past year, I haven’t seen him too often, and being with him gives me none of the thrills that being with Ted does. We have more personal things to discuss, things that Charles could never relate to. Ted’s stutter pisses me off, especially all the “uh” and “um” nonsense, but when it comes down to it, his conversational ability is impressive. The things he says are mostly pseudo-intellectual, with no scientific backing, but the conviction with which he says them is laudable.
“Don’t worry, I’m well‑stocked,” I say, my hand on his leg. “Even the crap you like.”
He looks thrilled when he hands the keys to the valet. I believe he used to work as one, and now he’s finally able to have one. His status in society has finally elevated being in my presence. He seemed to think it did when he was in the Republican party, being surrounded by rich politicos and helping with their campaigns, but he doesn’t understand that people in our social strata only humor those around us—they are never truly equal to us. Dating me is a glimpse into the high life, but as long as he dresses the part, no one will be able to tell. I’ve helped mold him. Though, I must say, a lot of his new wardrobe has developed from his shoplifting habit. Initially, it was difficult to reconcile finding him sexually attractive after seeing him satisfying himself with Carol’s corpse, but he has a certain charm about him that puts me at ease. It’s probably how he got so many women to trust him, especially with his poorly thought out ruses. It took him time to be less suspicious of me, to open up to me. I’m sure glad he did.
I check into the hotel under my name. Millie can no longer take the blame, unfortunately. It was much easier to check into a penthouse suite under the guise of being her so Daddy would yell at her and not me. It’s a loss I can manage.
K anikaANI K A B AT R A
282
“Miss Caldwell, it’s a pleasure to see you,” says the blue‑uniformed concierge woman, her blonde hair pulled so tightly into a ponytail that I feel pain seeing it.
“Thank you. Is the room ready? I called this morning before I left Seattle.”
“Yes, it’s ready. There’s a note here about a particular brand of beer, so we’ve ensured there is a six‑pack in the fridge,” she tells me dutifully.
“And the ’55 Krug?”
“Absolutely.” She hands me the key. I hand her a fifty‑dollar note. She lights up like a Christmas tree.
“Please send up some strawberries and cream too,” I say with a polite smile.
“No problem.” She clicks her fingers and another employee appears beside me with a golden trolley. “Benjamin, can you take Miss Caldwell up to her room?”
“Right this way, Miss Caldwell. Have you been to this particular hotel before?” he asks me.
“Only briefly. I’ve booked for longer this time. You guys were far too kind to me! I needed to visit again.”
He offers a courteous chuckle to my unfunny joke. He joins Ted and me in the elevator, and we all stand in silence until we reach the top floor. I tip the bellboy, and he leaves.
“You guys sure have a lot of Negroes working for you,” Ted comments, and slips off his shoes.
“Is that an issue?” I scoff. I head straight for the beer—I pour him a glass and drop the empty bottle into the trash. I don’t drink any myself. I intend to keep my figure. Mother always said that ladies don’t drink beer, so I use that as an excuse, but I have indulged in a few Coors while in Colorado. We don’t get it in Washington.
“No, I love them. Good vibes, you know?” He takes a sip. “Copacetic. My parents used to hate them. I brought this one kid home from school to get a rise out of them, it was really something.”
H o ne y traT R A p
283
I wait for the strawberries and eat them greedily when they arrive. I dip them into the cream, ignoring the calorie count. I feed some to Ted, but I feel strange. This isn’t my usual dynamic. I’m not the caring housewife sort. I never dreamed of this domesticity, sitting in a man’s lap feeding him berries. But Ted isn’t like other men. He isn’t the Wall Street type or someone like my father. Nor is he the mild‑mannered “nice guy” accountant. He’s volatile, feral almost. I can’t predict what he’ll do and it’s exhilarating. I’m fine with being the wife when the husband opens all the doors, extends all courtesy and chivalry to me, and then surprises me with debauched actions even I can’t foresee. I enjoy talking to him, letting him ramble on about things he doesn’t quite comprehend, and then hearing him explain what he does in his secret life (in great detail) without missing a beat. We have a lot in common, except that I have a high IQ.
“Tell me more about your parents,” I say, and sip the champagne slowly. I want to hold my liquor. “Or what you were like as a kid. I want to know.”
“I don’t know who my father was, but my mom was great. Very intelligent. Too poor to go to school, some rich girl the scholarship she wanted. Married this simple guy, and when I say simple, I mean it. Couldn’t possibly be smarter than a gnome. Drove these huge, terrible cars. I was a good kid, probably like you were.” The last bit is sarcastic, and he jabs me in the side with his elbow. I giggle but let him continue. “They didn’t have the money to get me involved in sports, and I was too little anyway. I loved lying in bed in the sixth grade listening to Meet the Press on the radio. Yours must’ve been like walking on rose petals.”
“Well, we certainly didn’t struggle to pay for sports uniforms or hobbies. Mother made my sister and me take piano, French, ballet, violin, tennis, racquetball, cooking classes, deportment classes. As long as we were out of her hair, she was happy. We had a new nanny every couple of months. Occasionally, a nanny would stick around for a year. Those were impressive. Daddy beat the hell out of Mother, Mother beat the hell out of me and Mill. Told me how I wasn’t thin enough, not ladylike, not elegant
K anikaANI K A B AT R A
284
enough. Not a daughter she could be proud of. You met her, she’s the shrill little blonde.”
“I also saw your house, you had everything you wanted. I went out and got everything I wanted. There was this little Sony television set I had my eye on a little while ago, out at Northgate. I stared at it forever and went home. I had a couple of beers. You know that stuff makes me nasty, and I decided to go and get that damn television. I parked close to the store, walked right in, picked it up, and walked out. It was brilliant! I felt terrific. Who’s going to question you when you walk into a display window? I just had to be brazen.”
“Jesus, that is bold. The most I’ve done is take some lingerie. I could’ve paid for it but, really, I couldn’t be bothered, so I left it on underneath and walked out.” I’m disappointed with my rather tame retaliation.
“It’s kind of like that with girls. I go out and see one that I want, and I take her. Just like the television, just like the Ficus tree and the expensive Navajo rugs from the hotel gift store. She’s mine. I get to do what I want. From her being alive and kicking, rosy‑cheeked to still and blue.”
It’s something I truly understand. Possession. “It’s fun, isn’t it? Owning someone entirely. Deciding what will happen to them, what won’t, over whatever length of time suits you. It’s funnier with men, Ted. The way they beg. Completely reliant on you, no macho left.”
He stares at me in a peculiar way, somewhat wistful, somewhat agitated. “You know, you make me think of Diane. Both dark‑haired versions of Grace Kelly. Sophisticated and intelligent, always wanting to be in charge. Rich and spoiled little princesses.”
“And you can’t control either of us. But, Ted, I don’t look like her. She doesn’t compare.” I don’t mention the crystalline blue eyes and perfect nose—hers requires the best plastic surgeon in the country, plus she could do with a visit to a proper hair salon. “And I wouldn’t leave you.” The latter isn’t quite true. Ted is fascinating and consuming, but I’m not the kind of girl that gets
H o ne y traT R A p
285
attached. My infatuations are fleeting in nature. I don’t know how long he’ll hold my interest. I think that’s the only commonality Diane and I have.
“I’ll take your word for it.” He takes another swig of his beer.
“I love what you did. Getting her to say yes to marriage and then dumping her via a telephone call. That was incredible.” I’m onto my second flute, and I feel it coursing through me, stronger than a shot of morphine. The desire and the alcohol. I lean back. He rolls a joint with the cherry‑flavored paper he had in his pocket. He offers it to me, but I decline.
“I won’t lie, I was pretty happy with myself. I think I was drunk that day. It was fun courting her, letting her fall into the lies like the fool she was.”
“Tell me, Ted. If she hadn’t done what she did, would you still have gone out and killed the girls?” I know I’m pushing it at this point, but I’m genuinely curious. “Was it her or was it that feeling of owning someone? Did you get off on the violence?” (I know I did).
“She contributed, but not in a major way. The violence was to…contain things. I didn’t necessarily, uh, get off to it.”
I could talk to him for hours at a stretch and not get bored. There’s so much I want to know and so much I want to tell. But I want him. I want him so badly. More than I’ve wanted anyone. I want to taste him. It nearly brings me to tears. It’s strange how my perception of him has changed so dramatically. His hand on my thigh sends a jolt of adrenaline through me. My heart races when his finger traces shapes on my skin.
“Show me what you’ve got on under that pretty little dress,” he tells me as he feeds me the last strawberry. He’s told me about his voyeurism, both past and present, so I’ve made sure to impress.
I stand up, a little bit clumsy from the alcohol, and he watches with vigor as I slowly pull off my dress. Underneath, I have on a glorious three‑piece Chantelle Paris black and gold lingerie set. It is the finest they had in stock, and the suspender links seamlessly to my thigh‑high Wolford stockings. His reaction is one of pure joy and spurs me on. The first to come off is my bra, then the
K anikaANI K A B AT R A
286
garter belt. It’s not something I usually wear as I don’t have fat to wrangle into submission around the midsection like most women, but it makes the outfit. If there’s one thing I know how to do, it’s to impress, visually. The way I dress, my makeup, the way my hips swing when I walk, my hair tumbling to my waist in silky waves. I need to look perfect, and it’s paying off right now. His gaze is fixed on me, concentrated, and not wavering in the slightest. His mouth is faintly ajar. Darkness enters his eyes, making the crisp blue hazy, almost black. I am overcome with longing when I see this until I am physically struggling to resist him. Having seen him numerous weekends in Utah and Seattle (when he returned to see his parents), I know that he likes complete control when it comes to the bedroom.
He’s gentle, which surprised me at first, but ardent. I’m usually in control, but I must let him have it if I want the pleasure that he’s provided me in our recent trysts. I offer my hand to him, which he takes, pulling himself up onto unsteady feet.
His lust is all‑consuming and infinite. He grabs for my panties, tearing them. It thrills me as much as it does him. I grin at him and catch his hand before it reaches my chest. I can feel his pulse in his wrist: rapid 110 BPM, as expected in high arousal. I sometimes wish I could forget what I learned from medical school. It takes the magic out of the moment.
I turn to walk to the master suite. I feel him close behind, his breath warm on my neck.
“Ted, what are you do—”